add gauge metric for DAG cache items (#5109)
projectcontour/contour: changelogs/unreleased/5109-izturn-small.md

> Adds a new gauge metric, `contour_dag_cache_object`, to indicate the total number of items are in the DAG cache at current.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a new gauge metric, `contour_dag_cache_object`, to indicate the total number of items that are currently in the DAG cache.
```
